Tutorial Level
	We design the first room as our tutorial level. Here is the paper design of the tutorial level.
	1. The brown boxes are the cans for players to interact with.
	2. Green arrow is the starting point.
	3. Blue arrow is the destination and players can go to the next level.
	4. The black area is the pit, players cannot go through the pit or step on it.
	5. Yellow Star is the collectable object in the game. It is the reward for the players.

Level 1 (Electricity & Conveyor belt)
	The first level can teach players to learn the uses and dangers of electricity. Also, level 1 will introduce the conveyor belts to players.
	1. All the brown square boxes are the normal boxes for players to push or pull.
	2. The yellow box is the conductive box.
	3. The yellow rectangle is the door.
	4. The green square is the power station of the electricity circus.
	5. Green line is the circus of electricity.
	6. The black squares are the holes on the ground.
	7. The electric signs in the black square means there is electricity in the hole.

	In Level 1, players should fully understand the rules of the electricity and the conveyor belt.

Level 2 (More Electricity & Conveyor belt)
	In this level, we want players to get familiar with the conveyor belts in the food factory.
	1. The yellow circle with an electric sign inside is the power station of different interactable objects: doors & conveyor belts.
	2. Blue arrow shows the direction of the conveyor belt.
	3. The yellow square with an electric sign inside is the battery.
	4. The black square is the wall.

	The idea of level 2 is players need to solve the puzzle and get to the next level. And the puzzle in level 2 is mainly about the connection 	between the electricity and conveyor belts.

Level 3 (Final level)
	This is the final level of the game. This level includes all the mechanics that were introduced in previous levels. Also, introduce the new 	feature: the Food Processing Machinery. When a non-conductive item enters this machine, the machine will package the item. After 	being wrapped in metallic packaging, the item will become conductive.